In which year was The Godfather first released?    /1972,1968,1977,1980
Which actor won the best actor Oscar for the films Philadelphia (1993) and Forrest Gump (1994)?    /Tom Hanks,Michael Conner Humphreys,Samuel L. Jackson,Denzel Washington
How many self-referential cameos did Alfred Hitchcock make in his films from 1927-1976?    /37,33,35,24
Which 1982 film was greatly accepted by film fans for its portrayal of the love between a young fatherless suburban boy and a lost benevolent and homesick visitor from another planet?    /E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial,Back To The Future,The Thing,2001 : A Space Odyssey
The film director Frank Capra famous for "It’s a Wonderful Life" was born in which mediterranean country?    /Italy,Spain,Malta,Monaco
Which British action actor played the part of Lee Christmas alongside Sylvester Stallone in the film The Expendables?    /Jason Statham,Jet Li,Terry Crews,Dolph Lundgren
What is the name of the 2015 film about a frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s and his fight for survival after being mauled by a bear?    /The Revenant,Django,Shutter Island,The Hateful Eight
What 2008 film starring Christian Bale has this quote: “I believe whatever doesn't’t kill you simply makes you…stranger.”?    /The Dark Knight,American Psycho,Vice,Hostiles
In which film did Hugh Jackman star as a rival magician of the character played by Christian Bale?    /The Prestige,Wolverine,X-Men,Les Miserables
In which 1963 classic film did Charles Bronson appear?    /The Great Escape,The Haunting,The Birds,Black Sabbath
In which film we find this gang of dwarfs?      /Hobbit,Blancanieves,Lord Of The Rings,Star Wars,dwarfsOfHobbit.jpg
In which movie we can find this dragon?     /hobbit,Merlin,Maleficent,Harry Potter,smug.jpg
Who was the actor who played batman in the original trilogy? /Cristian Bale,Orlando Bloom,Brand Pete,batman.jpg
Which is the best movies ever made, based on the imdb rate?    /Shawshank Redemption,Godfather, The Dark Knight, 12 Angry Men,ShawShankRedemption.jpg
Who is the creator of The Lord Of The Rings Universe?       /J. R. R. Tolkien,J. K. Rowling,George R. R. Martin,Stan Lee,lordOfTheRings.png
Who was the actor played joker in Batman:The Dark Knight?   /Heath Ledger,Jack Nicholson,Joaquin Phoenix,Jared Leto,joker.jpg